conflicts: document the "same-change rule" (#6076)
jj-vcs/jj: docs/glossary.md

Git's; Git's "root commits" are the first commit(s) in the repository, i.e. the
commits `jj log -r 'root()+'` will show.

> ## Same Change Rule

Author: done

> The same Change Rule is a pragmatic hack on the patch algebra, which allows

Author: done

> The same Change Rule is a pragmatic hack on the patch algebra, which allows

Author: > Maybe we can call it "conflict algebra" instead?

done

> us to consider a conflict as automatically resolved when two sides are same.

Author: done

This is similar to Git and Mercurial (hg) and not like Darcs and its
descendants which would consider it a conflict. It also has some unfortunate

> consequences like when you reabase a commit to ustream and the upstream rebased
> it  to where it was before, you may lose changes (any that overlapped with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consequences like when you rebase a commit to upstream and the upstream rebased
it to where it was before, you may lose changes (any that overlapped with
```

Author: done

> upstream's changes).

Reviewer 2: I felt a little hesitant about including this in the glossary before when I saw this PR because it doesn't seem like something users would need to know. After thinking a bit more about it, I feel like docs/technical/conflicts.md is a better place for this. What do you think?

Author: > After thinking a bit more about it, I feel like docs/technical/conflicts.md is a better place for this. What do you think?

Isn't the Glossary the place to make references to though? I think it deserves a outline in the conflicts doc though with a reference to this.

Reviewer 2: I don't think internal terms belong in the glossary. If we end up with many internal terms, I suppose we can create an internal/technical glossary, but I don't think we're at that point yet.

Author: Ok, I've moved it although it now needs a major rework.
